
<h1 class="sectionedit1" id="chapter-18">Chapter 18</h1>
<div class="level1">

<p>
<b>Due Date: </b> By Midnight Wednesday
</p>
<blockquote  class="blockquote-plugin">
<p>
Preferably by midnight Wednesday (Sep 14), please respond to at least one of the following writing prompts from Chapter 18 AND one from Chapter 19.
</p>

<p>
Your responses should contain at least 1 to 3 paragraphs per question, focusing on quality of response over quantity. 
</p>

<p>
Briefly substantiate your answers and opinions with material culled from the reading assignment. 
</p>

<p>
These are to be thorough and thoughtful responses, since they will guarantee that you are reading all of the work assigned, and gaining a deeper understanding of how these issues relate to the course overall. 
</p>

<p>
In these responses, you should practice your ability to explain your understanding of an historical issue and how it impacted the development of American history as a whole. You should also be able to support and defend your points with evidence and explanation from what you’ve read.
</p>

<p>
Over the rest of the week (through Sunday, September 18), read your classmates’ Discussion Board postings and respond to at least TWO of your classmate’s postings. 
</p>

<p>
You can explain why you agree or disagree with that student (in a respectful way), or share information relating to the student’s post. 
</p>

<p>
Students may also make comments and pose questions regarding other issues brought up in the forum.
</p>

<p>
Discussions will be graded using the applicable rubric. 
</p>

<p>
While I will not be grading for spelling and grammar, a poorly written post will result in a lower grade. 
</p>

<p>
It’s important to demonstrate college-level writing ability, if for no other reason than submitting work your professor and classmates can understand.
</p>

</blockquote>
</div>
<!-- EDIT1 SECTION "Chapter 18" [1-1681] -->
<h2 class="sectionedit2" id="prompt-choices">Prompt Choices</h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li">Define the term //“laissez-faire,”// specifically in regards to how it applies to our textbook.</div>
</li>
<li class="level0"><div class="li">What was the Sherman Antitrust Act? According to our textbook, was it effective?</div>
</li>
<li class="level0"><div class="li">How does our textbook define social Darwinism?</div>
</li>
<li class="level0"><div class="li">What was the Atlanta Compromise? Which individual is most closely associated with it? What was its significance?</div>
</li>
<li class="level0"><div class="li">Chapter 17 deals with America’s rise as an “industrial giant,” using several titans of industry – the most powerful men in American business – to illustrate this point. Name three of these men and their respective industries. </div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- EDIT2 SECTION "Prompt Choices" [1682-2293] -->
<h2 class="sectionedit3" id="prompt-notes-and-content">Prompt Notes and Content</h2>
<div class="level2">

</div>
<!-- EDIT3 SECTION "Prompt Notes and Content" [2294-2326] -->
<h3 class="sectionedit4" id="chosen-prompt">Chosen Prompt</h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>
<b>Prompt:</b> <i>What was the Sherman Antitrust Act and was it effective?</i>
</p>

<p>
<b>Topic of Prompt:</b> Sherman Antitrust Act
</p>

<p>
<b>Watched:</b>
</p>

<p>
<a href="https://youtu.be/_DSN0uUNLOw" class="urlextern" title="https://youtu.be/_DSN0uUNLOw" rel="nofollow">The Sherman Anti-Trust Act Explained: US History Review</a>
</p>

<p>
<b>Cited:</b> Textbook page 409, 410
</p>

<p>
<b>Formatted Citations:</b>
</p>

<p>
<pre class="">

</pre>
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT4 SECTION "Chosen Prompt" [2327-2665] -->
<h3 class="sectionedit5" id="content">Content</h3>
<div class="level3">
<blockquote  class="blockquote-plugin">
<p>
Chapter 18: The Sherman Act

</p>

<p>
The Sherman Anti-Trust act was the first time the government interfered with big industries. The act states that <i>“in restraint of trade or commerce among the several states or foreign nations”</i> are illegal (American Nation, page 409). The act was supposed to increase competition by restraining monopoly’s ability to wipe out competition. But, for the first 10 years that’s not what happened, the act was actually used against the people it was supposed to help like workers. The workers in unions were targeted instead of the businesses. The application of the law was ineffective because overall it had the opposite effect. In one case <i>“the supreme court ruled that several prices that were fixed in divided markets violated the act this caused big companies to merge with smaller ones which decreased competition.”</i> (page 410 of American nation)
</p>

</blockquote>
</div>
<!-- EDIT5 SECTION "Content" [2666-3610] -->
<h2 class="sectionedit6" id="discussion-responses">Discussion Responses</h2>
<div class="level2">
<blockquote  class="blockquote-plugin">
<p>
Hey Stephanie, We both wrote about the same thing and I like how you went into detail about what women did in the 19th century. Good Job this week!
</p>

</blockquote><blockquote  class="blockquote-plugin">
<p>
Hey Christina, good job on the assignment i think you answered everything so well. I also did the women in the 19th century prompt we both talked about what the women did back then. Good job this week
</p>

</blockquote>
</div>
<!-- EDIT6 SECTION "Discussion Responses" [3611-] -->